Think you can get rid of me?
You betrayed me. I want nothing to do with you.
Filthy couple, you think I'm someone you can mess with, huh?
Listen up, everyone.
This is Nina Morgan, and she'll do anything for the right price.
She is a Morgan?
Yep, and I'm Victor Morgan, her father, and I know about everything she did.
From the drugs, to the secret Luther baby, to the abortion, she's the jinx that brought the great more family down.
Now you're Horton, too. You must carry on our legacy.
I remember Nina Morgan. She went to prison for murder. The allegations against Ms. Morgan are false.
She's a good person.
While Victor Morgan is nothing more than a lie.